Editor frontend API (#3615)
nextcloud/text: README.md

- The mime type needs to be known by Nextcloud server (see https://github.com/nextcloud/server/pull/24488 for how this can be added)
- Once that is there, please open a pull request to add them to https://github.com/nextcloud/text/blob/12df66ffdd3d71cc696438e2e4ec60fa17b89a64/src/helpers/mime.js#L35-L61
- You can test them like other mime types in cypress/e2e/files.spec.js

## 🛠️ Integrate text in your app

## Load the editor

In order to load the editor in your app, you'll need to dispatch an event.

```php
if (class_exists(LoadEditor::class)) {
	$this->eventDispatcher->dispatchTyped(new LoadEditor());
}
```

### Integrate a file editor

> Make sure to check if OCA.Text is available as the text app needs to be enabled. You will need to provide an editor fallback on your own in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to check if OCA.Text is available as the Text app needs to be enabled. If you want your app to work without Text being installed, you will need to provide an editor fallback on your own.
```

```
window.OCA.Text.createEditor({
	el: document.getElementById('my-editor-div'),
	fileId: 12345,
	filePath: '/Readme.md',
}).then((editor) => {
	// Once ready you can access the editor instance and call methods like:

> 	editor.setContent('new content')

Reviewer: Maybe put a remark here that this will overwrite the content from the source file?
